hey youtubers X Factor here with some
one man attack chopper footage because
I'm waiting for one of my squad members
to die and spawn on me because this is
some Wake Island conquest assault
defense if you don't get that chopper
off the pad something's going to take it
or just going to blow it up and you're
waiting on it again so I am really
serious about getting better at piloting
this and as long as I get lucky bounces
off the ground and into trees how hard
can this be right well honestly I am
getting better but in public play it's
tough to really practice because let me
quarterback the two situations that
happen one you're the pilot and then you
have the worst gunner known to mankind
not shooting at the threats picking on
some random sniper in the middle of
nowhere it meanwhile there's two or
three people locking you with javelins
or there's an attack chopper you gain
the proper position so you're shooting
down on them and they can't hit the
broadside of the barn that seems to be
my luck the other one is when I'm
actually gunning for somebody about
ninety-five percent of time the pilot is
worse than me and they really don't know
what they're doing which means we might
get two kills get out positioned and
just get destroyed which completely
wastes the chopper so here's my thought
process I'm thinking of starting up a bi
weekly series where I find a good gunner
and pilot and we rotate back and forth
what would make this different from
other people because I have flashes in
the pan these moments of genius than
absolute self induced destruction going
backwards into things hitting light
poles smashing level cap into a building
that surprise me came out of nowhere and
here you see me getting just a little
bit too greedy and I'm better with two
feet on the ground or a couple tank
tracks on the ground so let me know what
you think I think the series could be a
little bit of fun because there will be
some rage inducing moments where I
really mess up but it's key for me to
find a good gunner and good pilot so I'm
going to dip into the friends list of
mine but let me know down below and I
had to save this last part because I
know there's a guy back here for some
sexy Rex action as always YouTube's
thanks for watching and we will see you
soon